for more on this I'm very pleased to
welcome harell corv a Middle East
Analyst at Tel Aviv University joining
us today from Jerusalem welcome just to
start us off what reaction have you seen
uh to this killing from from within the
Israeli government are there politicians
who are claiming responsibility for this
attack yeah there are already several
ones who are claiming responsibility or
at least Jo expressing their Joy about
this killing I think nobody has real
doubts regarding uh the fact that it
Israel responsible for it however I
believe Israel is refraining from taking
a full responsibility as to leave a way
for for Iran to avoid the from
reaction now I'd like to ask you a
little bit about how the killing of Hano
is going to impact the the organization
of Hamas its internal structures if at
all do you think this will make a big
differ
I do actually I mean he was a very
important figure since actually the
early days of Kamas he he was one of the
disciples if you if you wish of ahmedin
the founder of
Kamas and he is a very important figure
however Kamas we need to understand is
not a centralized uh uh organization it
is what we call the network organization
or decentralized organization with many
strong figures however since the the
beginning of this war Israel removed H
some of the main hubs if you like or
main figures out of the picture uh such
as salaki who was extremely
instrumental of course hania and many of
many key commanders of Hamas in the Gaza
Strip so I think that the the
organization at the moment is is really
a very very severe situation and how
would you say hania compares to those
other figures in terms of his power and
influence within
Hamas well um I as a political figure
he's important he is if you wish the
president of of the Kamas State and his
election is a is a very
long is an outcome of a very long
process namely if we will now need to
wait for someone else that will take his
his place as the head of the the
political chamber we will need to
usually takes month on an ordinary day
these days it's just impossible to
replace him because the whole voting
system is based on you know connection
between the Gaza
Strip the West Bank and other areas and
at the moment everything is disconnected
so it is a crisis by itself who will
take his place and who will represent
Kamas case on the international Arena
and and so it sounds like you're saying
that this will be almost these will be
almost impossible shoes to fill when you
look at the Diplomatic role he he filled
uh for example in carrying out uh
ceasefire talks is there somebody who is
a obvious successor to
him well they can always put khed mashal
instead of him khad Mash already
fulfilled this position of the the head
of
the political Bureau but you know he has
his own limits so I'm not sure he will
do it although he's as I said
experienced maybe KH the only person I
can think
OFA is the Deputy of
Y he he lives in Qatar but he is the
Deputy of V he left the Gaza trip
shortly
before the the the VIS attack of October
7 and he's probably the only one who can
who can do this beside khed Mas with all
its its limitations of course now
qatar's prime minister has said uh and
I'll quote here how can mediation
succeed referring of course to the war
in Gaza when when one party assassinates
The Negotiator on the other side do you
do you think that this killing on of
hania is going to have serious
ramifications for ceasefire
discussions well I must say that
logically he has a point there but
having said that I think that Israel uh
would not remove him would not kill him
if he had such a instrumental role
within the the the hostages deal it
might be that in Israel he's considered
as one of the barriers otherwise I don't
see the logic in it but I do think that
Israel has a different strategy at the
moment regarding the whole issue of the
deal I think it it sees what is going on
in the Gaza Strip where Hamas is totally
dismantle and maybe Israel is adopting a
different way to to approach the the
whole thing and I would again I wouldn't
see a scenario they will kill a good
mediator if he was such I think they
probably took him as as a uh as
something
as a player who is more negative than
positive from an Israeli perspective of
course I'm curious if you could tell me
a little bit more about that what do you
think this different way um that you've
suggested Israel could be pursuing what
it looks like what what is this
strategy well it's been few more than a
few days okay maybe even a few weeks
that we see that the connection between
the Gaza Strip and the the outside world
is is very shaky uh and and moreover
we're not sure regarding the the Hamas
possibility in the Gaza Strip to to have
a let's say a viable strong
communication between the different
parts so I wouldn't exclude the option
that Israel at the moment sees this all
infrastructure military infrastructure
of Hamas in the Gaza Strip as something
that might be even further divided and
and therefore to tackle each area where
the hostages are being kept uh you know
solely or or differently namely to
approach to the local leaders who are
holding hostages to offer them all all
sorts of things and and H to try to
resolve it this way um at the moment
this is something which is first
connected to the Hamas situation in the
Gaza Strip even before we we are
considering what happened between the
the Gaza Strip and the outside or Hamas
on on
abroad uh thank you so much for sharing
your insights with us on DW news that is
uh Tel Aviv University analyst harl
corov we very much appreciate your time
today thank you very much and for the
very latest we can bring in now our
correspondent Rebecca ritters in
Jerusalem Rebecca has has there been any
statement at all from the Israeli
government about hanah's
death no Ana there hasn't been and
that's not uh uncommon that is in fact
the usual way when it comes to
assassinations Israel do not generally
comment on them uh so we haven't had any
official confirmation from them of
course Iran is definitely accusing uh
Israel for being responsible for this
assassination but let's not forget there
have been two assassinations in fact one
of hezb leader Fu shukur in Beirut and
the Israeli military coming out very
very quickly after that assassination
saying that they were indeed uh the
perpetrators that They carried out that
attack and that is unusual in fact for
them to comment on such such an event
and in fact that is likely or
potentially a way of signaling not just
to Hezbollah but also to people back at
home to uh other people in the region
and of course the US that that was the
retaliatory strike that they uh that
everyone was expecting to come in the
wake of this uh this uh strike that we
saw over the weekend killing 12 children
in the Israeli occupied goolan Heights
and Israel said they were going to
retaliate for that but when it comes to
the Han strike there has been no
official word from Israel we have heard
from some ministers though it's uh we
we're hearing that if the prime
minister's office have actually asked
cabinet ministers not to say anything
but we have been hearing them take to
social media or seeing them take to
social media uh hailing the the
assassination of honey and have we heard
anything at all from the families of the
hostages who are still being held by
Hamas well the hostages are of course
you know a very huge topic here in
Israel the entire country really
rallying behind them and really hoping
for a hostage deal of course the
families themselves uh desperately
wanting to see their loved ones brought
home and this killing o of this
assassination of Ismael hania certainly
brings about fears of the hostage
negotiations just where uh they will be
headed now they've been stalled for a
long time as we've been reporting uh and
this certainly doesn't bode well for
those negotiations isma Hana was one of
the key uh part of the key negotiating
team for the Hamas side he was
considered by many as more moderate than
some other of Hamas leaders namely yaha
Sina in Gaza uh and he was seen going on
these delegations going on these talks
talking to the Israelis or not directly
but through mediators talking with the
Taris the Egyptians and the Americans
about a potential deal and of course the
family is particularly worried but the
entire country worried about what this
will mean now for those
negotiations DW correspondent in
Jerusalem Rebecca RS Rebecca thank you
so much for
that and we can get some analysis now
from our Middle East analyst shanie
rosanas who joins me now in the studio
shannie welcome um let's talk about the
timing of this attack first of all well
it you know Han usually lived in Qatar
this is where he spent most of his life
he's out of the Gaza area for quite some
time also partially because he in sinir
the leader of the military uh part of
Hamas they're not on best terms um he's
been mostly uh in Qatar and sometimes in
in Istanbul in Turkey it's quite a rare
chance to find him anywhere else and
especially in tan so Israel has the way
Israel sees it had to seize that very
rare moment um he's been in in Qatar uh
in sorry in tran only a few days so you
know just to think about the operation
you would need on the ground uh gather
intelligence to be able to actually
execute such a precise operation in such
in such short time just to tell you
about if it is assumingly as assumingly
is Israel what kind of of operatives
Israel has on the ground in tan and that
for itself is a message Israel is very
happy to send um to Tran saying we can
make it to even you know the holiest
places for you which is this compound of
the re revolutionary guards where he's
believed to be staying o was staying
overnight so definitely that timing and
everything that connected to that made
helped Israel make even a bigger
symbolic message uh sending there to
Iran so as you say we know it was an
extremely precise um uh operation but
are there any other details that you can
tell us about this attack well we've
been learning throughout the day I mean
the Iranians open an official
investigation it probably it seems like
it was a an Israeli missile called Spike
that was shot from not too far a few
buildings away from the secured compound
where Hano was staying theight just he
was there just shortly after he met
himself with the supreme leader ran K
overnight just to tell you you know the
importance of hania for the Iranians and
you know they tried to give him the best
conditions and they felt and he also
felt that he is at the most safe place
he can be in the in the world and I'm
sure he did not expect that so this is
more of the uh what we know for now we
also know some of the Iranians are
suggesting maybe the bodyguards um that
were surrounding him Were Somehow
involved in maybe tipping off Israel I
think for now Iran you know the
confusion the anger the frustration all
of that you know might be uh leading
them to point in all different
directions it's a bit too early to you
know drill down all the exact details of
what happened overnight and what would
you say can we expect from Teran now
well there's no doubt there will be a
response that we've been hearing many
people in Iran saying that I don't think
this is the first priority that the the
new president wanted to deal with he
wanted to you know bring more uh relief
on sanctions and focus more on the
economy uh but you know the Middle East
and Iran specifically you know you can
never uh really just stick to that um
however I think we need to see the
different possibilities for Iranian
response uh either through the proxies
whom we've seen acting against Israel
the last months like the hooes from the
south in Yemen or hisbah in Lebanon
which also because of the assassination
last night before Han
also have their own agenda you know
clearing their uh you know showing their
grievances to Israel so maybe something
joint along with hasbalah that could be
one option and other option would be a
direct attack on Israel this barrier
this red line that was inconceivable for
many years was already crossed in April
uh but then I think they would try to be
very strategic in the in the Target that
they're choosing it would have to be
Central enough but then at the same time
not too damaging in order to prevent a
wider escalation which I think is still
the presumption you know Iran would want
you know want to respond but not lose
control over U over a greater war and a
third Pro possible scenario is for Iran
to respond somewhere outside of Israel
or maybe on European ground maybe the
Olympic Games now happening in Paris
this is something where many Israelis
are pointing their fingers at we know
there's going to be tightened security
for the Israeli delegates there that's
some of what we're seeing happening and
it could also be taking some weeks we've
seen it in the past you know Iran will
take time to consider and see what would
be the most strategically uh you know
occasion for for a response uh we need
to be on high alert for the next the
foreseeable future let's put it that way
from Israel's perspective I what is
Israel's end game here because you know
working towards the ceasefire doesn't
seem to be the priority right now I
think you're right in that aspect I mean
this does not seem like a move of
somebody who's trying to wind things
down you know netan was in the Congress
the US Congress last week asking for
more support for more weapon but more
political support basically asking for
permission to go on on and what we're
seeing him do is that he's doubling down
his efforts not only in Gaza but also
expanding into other what Israel is
called the exis of evil uh that is
operating against Israel and going all
the way in but if has this you know this
is quite when we talk about the tactics
about the the ability to execute such an
operation and the message it sends I
think it's quite impressive you know but
then has it really fundamentally changed
things on the ground has it brought the
hostages closer to coming home has it
brought Israeli citizens that had to be
evacuated from the houses closer to
coming back home or are we actually
taking one step further into even more
instability even more Bloodshed even
more um you know a much wider escalation
I think this is the bigger question we
need to ask today which begs the
question also can the Israeli Prime
Minister sustain this stance with the
Israeli people well I think momentarily
there's a lot of national pride uh aside
from the hostages and their families we
see a lot of of anger a lot of
frustration and sadness there today uh
but among the public there's a feeling
yes we're finally getting the lead we're
not just being you know dragged to
response and we we can still show that
Israel has its military and intelligence
might uh that we've been so used to
relying on up until October 7th so in
that aspect it is working but I think
you know netan is is a figure today in
Israel that is so divisive those who are
supporting him will support anything he
does those who are against him oppose
everything he does I I I think it's a
bit too soon to tell if this will
actually lead to any meaningful
political game or political change in
Israel DW's Middle East analyst sh rosan
sh thank you so
much now the Iranian government says
that a funeral service for Ismael hania
will be held in tan before his body is
then taken to cat for a burial he was
seen as a relative moderate in amongst
hamas's
leaders Ismael Han greets Iran's new
president in what would be one of his
last
meetings just hours after attending the
president's inauguration he and his
bodyguard were killed in a strike on his
residence in
tan at the time of his death Han was the
political face of Hamas the militant
islamist group that carried out the
October 7th Terror attacks on Israel
Hamas Fighters killed around 1200 people
and took more than 250 others hostage
near half of whom are still held in
Gaza Hana had not lived in Gaza for
several years but ran Hamas from qat
where he lived in Exile born near a Gaza
City refugee camp the 62-year-old was
the child of Palestinian refugees from
the village of Alura near
Ashkelon he joined Hamas when it was
founded in
1987 and was arrested and jailed by
Israel during the first intifada the
uprise ing against Israeli
occupation Han was exiled to Lebanon but
he returned to Gaza following the 1993
Oslo Peace
Accords he became the Palestinian prime
minister in 2006 and continued to rise
through hamas's ranks eventually
becoming its political Chief in
2017 while hamas's Gaza leader Yahya
sinoa is believed to have been The
Mastermind of the October 7th attacks
Han was seen as a more moderate force in
Hamas he has lost several of his own
family members in Israeli attacks on
Gaza which have killed nearly 40,000
people since then three of hania's sons
and four of his grandchildren were
killed in
April at the time hania insisted their
deaths would not affect ongoing
ceasefire and hostage talks
hania represented Hamas internationally
and moved around the region for
diplomatic meetings he was a key player
in negotiations to stop the fighting in
Gaza some fear his killing will be a
major setback in achieving peace in the
region we're going to bring in ham
belala now he's a journalist who
reported for us from inside Gaza now
he's in Cairo and Egypt um good to see
you Hasam can you tell us what people in
Gaza are telling you about this how are
they reacting to hania's
assassination people in Gaza are um uh
divided into groups mainly uh uh I I've
talked to uh many people on the ground
in the morning and the most essential
and important part for them is to end
the war um there are some people who
were shocked uh and as they didn't
expect um to happen and Han would be
killed um especially he was um in the
Exile um but still some others were
shocked especially those who are in
favor of um fighting Israel and what
about reactions from Hamas what are you
hearing
there well hamas's was um statements
were very calm very stable um they
mourned the the leader uh of course they
promised for Revenge um still not how
that would work um they are in in in
deep fighting with Israel in Gaza uh but
I mean how farther would they go would
they go outside Gaza or not um they
would wait for the Iranian uh response
or or or any diplomatic Mission so Hamas
wasn't clear and reachable on uh what
they are going to doing next is there
any suggestion of how this killing might
change uh the internal structure of
Hamas I mean who might replace him
[Music]
well Hanah he got three depues um um who
were uh who are um the leaders or the
top uh leaders of uh the three main
regions Gaza stb uh West Bank and um
abroad over the Exile um the one in Gaza
isir the one in in the West Bank who was
Umi who was assassinated in Beirut
before uh and
M who was the former top leader of Hamas
and now he's the top leader of the
political Bureau in abroad so who's most
likely according to the structure um who
would be uh the replacement but it's not
definite yet it's not announced um how
that would affect it's not clear Hanah
is a a symbolic leader um for long time
he was a prime minister um he's in in
and there are many people uh would be
um you know how to say that that that
they they wouldn't they would think he
was not uh replaceable um but um
officials and Hamas people I talk to
earlier today they said that the
structure of Hamas is is designed to be
smooth of replacing anybody who was who
was killed or or or or or left the the
movement from a Palestinian perspective
how might this assassination impact the
war in Gaza I mean you said earlier for
the people in Gaza the biggest priority
is to end this war but H how might this
impact uh its uh
progression well it's it's a bit early
to to judge and and to measure how that
would impact uh the situation in Gaza on
the Practical level in the fighting uh I
don't think that would make any change
because Hamas is using their maximum
capacity of fighting on the ground and
they will keep going I'm not sure but I
mean uh reading the the the the the N9
months before that Hamas used the
maximum that they could use um um
definitely um um that would affect the
situation especially on the ceasefire
talks but um on the on the fighting and
the war U it's not clear uh it's not the
decision that made by Hanah himself as a
leader whether to go for a ceasefire or
not Hamas is a structure they have the
military Wing who's in power and more
powerful than the political leadership
who's like mostly in in abroad has can I
ask you um I understand that political
groups are calling for strikes in the
West Bank and I believe strikes are
happening in protest against the killing
of isma hania um how important are these
strikes what effect will they
have I believe it's more symbolic um
strikes uh this is like Hanya is is a
public figure as I mentioned that he was
a prime minister Hamas um has its own
people on the ground in the West Bank
they they um there were some calls made
by the Palestinian Authority official
especially and and most notably the
Palestinian president mm Abbas called KH
Mash morning uh uh Hamas for for their
loss so this is more like a symbolic um
um step that taken by the factions on
the ground I don't think that would make
any change on the fabric or the
situation in the West Bank it might but
I mean this strike is not going to make
a big
difference ham Bela reporting from Cairo
ham thank you so much for your
insights I'd like to get some analysis
now with maam Raba a lecturer at the
American University Beirut he's joining
me now from Lebanon thank you so much
for taking the time good evening newly
elected uh Iranian president mud pesin
recently had warned that an attack on uh
uh on that would have serious
consequences for Israel do you think
that that is now something that we can
expect uh both from from Iran or from
Hezbollah in
Lebanon well at least a country that
cannot protect its so-called gests
cannot actually wage an open war against
one of the the most sophisticated
military technological entities in the
region more so while people claim that
this new president is a reformer he is
just taking the words of the talking
points of the Revolutionary guard in
reality what happened in the last two
days be it the killing of one or the top
Hezbollah military commander and the
killing of hania is just another message
that if Iran decides to continue this
so-called fist fight it will be not only
damaged physically but also morally this
is a huge blow to have someone
assassinated when he is staying at the
Iranian rushi guard hotel in a way so
saying that the retaliation of hisbah or
any of the Iranian proxies would have a
kind of a major change on the escalation
of violence is not really anywhere to be
found on the ground this is just
fighting words and this is something
which Iran has done before I need to
remind you that when their military
commanders were hit in the Consulate in
Iranian Consulate in Damascus what was
what was used by hisbah and by Iran are
just a kind of theatrical Jihadi moves
which only ended up making Iran and all
of its proxies the ridicule of the
International Community so do you think
we'll see something similar a very a a
limited response perhaps or has the
needle here really moved closer to a
broader Regional war in the mid
East well the killing of fukar yesterday
in the sub of Beirut was in a way
expected the hit was expected but no one
was aware who the target is however
while the killing of Hanah might sound
as a big thing in reality he is a soft
target and he is not really the one who
is leading Hamas on the ground one has
to remind everyone that mammad de is
presumably killed by Israel this is
something which has not yet been
confirmed but there's indications that
say he is he is dead in the same sense
that SM Hanah is just a talking head in
a way for Hamas and has no real uh
influence on the ground so I think the
killing of hania and any of the public
figures of Hamas is expected and I think
that Iran and its proxies will just take
this blow and look for another time to
hit back how they will hit back I don't
think that they have the capabilities
especially that the Americans will
prevent Iran from uh from doing this and
ultimately I think everyone is and
Afraid what will happen if Trump is
elected in the US yeah how would that
let's talk about that a little bit more
because we could be on the brink of a
very seismic shift in US politics how do
you think a change in US Administration
would affect what we are seeing in these
relations in the Middle
East while while Netanyahu and the
Israeli government were very hesitant or
let's say calculating when they went for
the hisbah commander yesterday I need to
remind you here that Trump didn't think
twice when he went after
kasani and I don't think that Iranians
are willing to suffer such a major blow
identical to the killing of sumani and
while Hanah was killed on Iranian soil
he was not really Iranian in the sense
that he did not belong to the guard
proper so I think that having Trump in
the white house will change the whole
ball game because uh Trump will go after
purely Iranian targets and this is
something that would
Force Iran to publicly and openly uh
challenge the us and this is something
that they have avoided through using
their proxies because using proxies such
as theis orah gives them the option of
deniability this is something that they
cannot do if they decide to use the
proper Iranian tools for this or the
official Iranian tools to
retaliate now you've hinted at this a
couple of times but I just want to pick
up on this point again um today's
killing uh in Iran you've said you know
he's he's not Iranian but still to have
a foreign person there in a in a
diplomatic role um killed on Iranian
soil do you think that that has caused
tan to lose face with some of its
Regional
allies well I think that Iran has lost
face even before the killing of Han
because at the beginning of the October
7 they claimed that they will come to
the aid of the Palestinians and equally
hassanah the leader of hisbah has said
once the land invasion starts in Gaza we
will come to the aid of our Brethren
ultimately what what the events have
proven be it the killing of hania or the
killing of the Palestinians or the
Lebanese that Iran doesn't really care
about Arab blood as long as the killing
is not directed directly to its own
entity they simply are okay with this so
I think while they care about the Optics
and this is something very important in
the psychology of the Iranian regime I
think there are so little options that
they can res to to try to regain and
reinstate this so-called Imperial facade
which is weaker than people assume well
thank you so much for joining us today
on DW with your insights that is maam
Raba from Beirut we very much appreciate
your time today let's take a broader
look at the Middle East with Simon Maan
a professor of international politics at
Lancaster University in the UK good to
see you again Simon what have you heard
what are you expecting to hear in the
region
today I think it's all been pretty
predictable it's the sort of uh
statement that we were expecting from
from Iranian officials from the houis
from hisbah from all The Usual Suspects
there's been vocal condemnation but
there's also been condemnation of the
The Killing uh in tan by turkey by Qatar
and by others across the region with the
suggestion that this poses a significant
challenge to actually working towards
peace in Gaza all of this was to be
expected I think we know that there is a
great deal of worry about escalation but
there's also worry that this type of
attack these types of tit fortat
escalations can get out of hand so it's
it's entirely predictable that there
would be these robust
condemnations so would you say an
escalation is now more likely in the
Middle
East I've been answering this question
for the past 10 years I think uh will
there be an escalation what about all
the different moving parts of the
various actors that are involved in
various conflicts and I think it's
really worth stressing that conflict is
is devastating conflict will decimate
the lives of people and that few States
few actors actually want there to be a
conflict because of the the costs
involved the the humanitarian costs the
political costs the economic costs and
the costs to legitimacy of various
actors being embroiled in war so that
being said of course history has shown
us that even when when various States or
actors don't necessarily want to go to
war the events have of a way of sort of
capturing them and dragging them into
conflict so this is why it's such a
precarious moment because even though
hisbah Iran and and others don't
necessarily want to go to war with
Israel the situation is so precarious
that they may be drawn into it if the
situation remains unchecked Israel has
not yet taken responsibility uh for the
killing of hania is the fact that Israel
isn't saying we did it is that part of
the uh choreography required to avoid
massive
escalation yeah I think so because the
The Narrative would very quickly be that
Israel has struck within Iranian
Sovereign territory that could very
easily be construed by those who wanted
to as an act of War so I think doing it
in a way that is to some extent deniable
although you read between the lines and
it's pretty clear who is who is
responsible allows for the situation to
be read and framed in such a way that
can avoid escalation now I'm not saying
that that is exactly what is happening
here but I think this this reach for
some form of plausible deniability is is
is part of a broader strategy that can
allow people to read into this in
different ways MH just want to talk
about the United States for a moment US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin today
said the US wasn't involved was not
aware of the hania killing he focused on
the need for a ceasefire in Gaza is that
by Design would you
say I think so but I think it it could
also be emblematic of the broader
tensions that have been emerging between
the US and Israel and I think we we've
seen a lot of those tensions starting to
emerge we know that Kamala Harris has
been speaking incredibly strongly about
the need for a ceasefire and so perhaps
Mr Netanyahu is realizing that he
doesn't quite have the same level of
support in Washington that he once did
at least uh in in its current form so I
think right now there are there are
definitely tensions between the two but
if the US was serious about actually
achieving a ceasefire it could be doing
a a great deal more and putting a great
deal more pressure on Mr Netanyahu and
and Israel more broadly to achieve the
ceasefire which is absolutely essential
in working towards a deescalation of the
region getting that ceasefire is
Paramount and absolutely
essential thinking again about uh the
possibility of escalation would anyone
benefit from a greater conflict or
War well war is devastating brutal
catastrophic as the people of Gaza have
endured over these past few months as
Israelis have endured in in other times
as well of course war is brutal in that
respect no one thrives no one benefits
in terms of who might benefit
politically of course there are those
who might derive some form of political
Capital political legitimacy out of
being seen to be embroiled in a conflict
either defending Palestinian rights
defending uh Iranian territorial
Integrity or standing up as part of a
quote unquote axis of resistance so
there are of course people who could
benefit on the Israeli side of course
the continuation of the conflict allows
Mr Netanyahu to retain his his political
position some say that his political
career will be over once this war ends
so there are of course people who would
benefit but I would just remind everyone
that it's the Ordinary People of the
region the people of Gaza the people of
Lebanon the people of Iran the people of
Syria the people of Iraq the people of
Yemen the people of Jordan who have been
enduring this violent instability for
decades now and who are at the risk of a
wider escalation they are the ones who
would be paying the most devastating
price absolutely Simon Mayon Iran and
Middle East experts Simon thank you so
much for your insights and your time